chore: updates from Feb 2026 DX Tools mtg notes (#2380)
shopware/docs: guides/development/integrations-api/index.md

Shopware provides two HTTP APIs:

> - **Admin API** for backend operations such as products, orders, customers, plugins, and — via the Sync API — bulk write operations such as imports, migrations, and ERP synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Admin API** for backend operations such as managing products, orders, customers, and plugins, as well as bulk write operations through the Sync API for imports, migrations, and ERP synchronization
```

> - **Admin API** for backend operations such as products, orders, customers, plugins, and — via the Sync API — bulk write operations such as imports, migrations, and ERP synchronization

Reviewer 2: _imports, migrations, and ERP synchronization_ - those are basically synonyms. Would go for "bulk operations, for example, mass imports".

Author: Changed it :)
